Update credit.md to add alt text and break the chapter into smaller subchapter (#1922)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/credit.md

```{figure} ../figures/DOI.jpg
---
name: DOI

> alt: This image shows three boxes with materials on top. The main box in the middle has "identifiers" written on it with three discs on top of it that are labelled "data sets". Both boxes by its side have journal articles on top of the. An arrow on the top of the image points to these images as being 'Digital Object Identifiers'. There is text at the bottom of the image which says 'Persistent', 'Unique', 'Trusted'.

Author: ```suggestion
alt: This image shows three boxes with materials on top. The main box in the middle has 'identifiers' written on it with three discs on top of it that are labelled 'data sets'. Both boxes by their side have journal articles on top of them. An arrow on the top of the image points to these images as being 'Digital Object Identifiers'. There is text at the bottom of the image which says 'Persistent', 'Unique', 'Trusted'.
```

```{figure} ../figures/OrcidIDs.jpg
---
name: OrcidIDs

> alt: This image shows a female researcher in the centre with her arms raised. She is surrounded in an orbit by different types of documents. On the top left there is a caption stating 'ORCID IDS', while on the bottom right there is text that says: 'One ring to rule all outputs'.

Author: ```suggestion
alt: This image shows a female researcher in the centre with her arms raised. She is surrounded in an orbit by different types of documents. On the top left, there is a caption stating 'ORCID IDS', while on the bottom right there is the text that says - 'One ring to rule all outputs'.
```
